Where have you been all morning?
You look pissed.
Don't mess with you.
Not that Chen Hao
I paid a billion to ask him to lend me the power of the world
He doesn't give
Insatiable guy
If grandpa hadn't called me yesterday and said
Family difficulties
Need the power of the world to save
I just went to find him
What, you pay 1 billion to borrow hourly orders from him?
Chen Hao is not the kind of person who is greedy for money
You take money to humiliate him
Of course he won't lend it to you
No, you told me
People from the temporary group came to see him
Did you give the whole 10 million fee?
That's not greed.
You don't know Chen Hao too well
Oops, forget it.
Don't mess with him yet
I'll explain it to him for you later.
Sir, do you want me to kill him?
No need to be arrogant
Very stinky woman is annoying
But he won't die, will he?
What's wrong with Sister Wenqiu?
Chen Hao, he was married and born
What's wrong with him?
Marry me and call him have never been able to get through
I contact his colleague
His colleague hesitated
Said it was like a mission
I'm a little worried about him
Before thinking about it
You said there was something evil about him
So how long have I been missing him?
More than three hours. Okay.
You stay there
I'll go find you now
Then I'll go home and wait for you. Hurry up.